docs: updated related links style, add CONTRIBUTING.md (#113)
canonical/jaas-documentation: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to contribute to JAAS documentation

Thanks for your interest in JAAS documentation -- contributions like yours make good projects
great!

There are two basic ways to contribute: by opening
an issue or by creating a PR. This document gives detailed information about
both.

> Note: If at any point you get stuck, come chat with us on
[Matrix](https://matrix.to/#/#jimm:ubuntu.com).

## Open an issue

You will need a GitHub account ([sign up](https://github.com/signup)).

### Open an issue for docs

To open an issue for a specific doc, in [the published docs](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/jaas/latest/) find the doc, then use the **Give feedback** button.

To open an issue for docs in general, do the same for the homepage of the docs
or go to https://github.com/canonical/jaas-documentation/issues, click on **New issue** (top right corner
of the page), select “Blank issue”, then fill out the issue template and
submit the issue.

### Open an issue for code

> Go to https://github.com/canonical/jaas-documentation/issues  click on **New issue** (top right

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to https://github.com/canonical/jimm/issues  click on **New issue** (top right
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!

corner of the page), select whatever is appropriate, then fill out the issue
template and submit the issue.

> > Note: For feature requests please use

Reviewer: They can also make feature requests via a Github issue

Author: OK, I'll cut that out. (For Juju we actually want people to use the chat...)
